### Merchant of Record

[LemonSqueezy](https://www.lemonsqueezy.com/), recently acquired by Stripe, is our Merchant of Record. When you sign up for the Trial you'll be taken through a purchase flow on their website, and LemonSqueezy will be reflected on your invoices.

### Premium Trial

Try the Personal Plan for 7 days. Your credit card is required, but you can reach the cancel button easily from the Profile section of the mobile app.

### Onboarding

Clairify has a particular point of view on what's wrong with email. We think you'll have a better time if you know a little bit about how we think, and so now first-time users will see some onboarding cards while they wait for their first summaries to appear.

### Pre-Login Flow

If you login with Gmail everything is pretty easy. If you login with Outlook, by default IT needs to get involved. Not a lot of people know this, so on first-time login, we walk users through the process step-by-step.

### Outlook Inbox Subfolders

In Outlook your Inbox folder can have subfolders. We will pull in the top level and one subfolder on the Personal plan.

### Summarization Prompt

You don't need to be a prompt engineer to get Clairify to summarize the way you want it to. Now there are three ways to create a prompt:

1. Make one by flipping toggles and switches
2. Edit one of our templates
3. Write one from scratch

### Launchpad

In Clairify, channels are how we organize your messages, like folders. But there are two main benefits over email folders: you see all emails before they are filed away, and you can share a folder with your team so that everyone has access to the same information you do.

### Account Selection Redesign

In order for Clairify to work, you need to connect all your inboxes (and later all your other communication apps). Between work, personal, and shared inboxes, you might easily want to connect 3+ inboxes, and so we created a new page where you can select the inbox you want to triage.

### Reply, Reply All, Forward

Fundamentally we don't think that living inside Gmail and Outlook is a great user experience. Nor is any other email client for that matter. So having the ability to reply, reply all, and forward is table stakes to any experience we want to create, and it's an example of how we are building on top of your current stack instead of trying to replace it.

### Web App Refactor

We introduced the Clairify web app in version 2.0 so that you could customize your summarization prompt. We spent a lot of time reorganizing so that you can easily find the configurations you are looking for.

### Supported Models

We've introduced 3 different models from OpenAI, Google, and Meta. Our Personal tier ensures that you get a generous number of tokens so that most users will never run out. For power users, even if you do run out, our service doesn't pause — you'll be gracefully downgraded to our next best model, and you probably won't even notice.

### Free Plan

One of the main themes of Clairify is that you can stay on top of vendor news without subscribing to general marketing. To do this we will be partnering with vendors to publish directly to our platform. Stay tuned for this, but in the meantime, know that we have introduced a free tier where you can consume this content.

### Profile Section

You can see your current billing plan and can access the web app to manage your subscription.
